=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

st7789py_mpy
https://github.com/russhughes/st7789py_mpy

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020-2023 Russ Hughes
Copyright (c) 2019 Ivan Belokobylskiy

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Thanks to bruce software for base of building action

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

micropython-mpu6886
https://github.com/tuupola/micropython-mpu6886

Copyright (c) 2020 Mika Tuupola

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of  this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in  the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copied of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Special thanks to jonnor for making micropython zipfile port.
https://github.com/jonnor/micropython-zipfile

Project now uses my fork of it, but still thanks jonnor!
https://github.com/kitki30/micropython-zipfile-readonly

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
